Buildbox version 2.2.8 - Activation Loader by countryboy

1. Download, and install Buildbox version 2.2.8
2. Use License with matching 2.2.8, or 2.2.7, or 2.2.6 Export Modules.
3. Place Loader Setup & License & Modules in same folder before starting setup.

.. Loader displays message, and quits if setup didn't set License & Modules.
Export problems : If License isn't the one used to download the Export Modules !

IMPORTANT : Starting Buildbox with Loader ...
Select main Window in 90 seconds, and don't change Window before Loader exit !

Verion 2.2.8 can use 2.2.8, or 2.2.7, or 2.2.6 Export Modules.
version 2.2.7 can use 2.2.7, or 2.2.6 Export Modules.

Log in as Administrator, Right Click, and select run as Administrator.

Enjoy, and have a great day, countryboy

Password : countryboy

Please help provide download links.


INFORMATION : Updated Loader works on all versions from version 2.2.1 to version 2.2.8

WINDOW SELECTION : The 2 minute wait to prevent Buildbox CRASH !
Select any main work Window in 90 Seconds, and do not change Window selected for 60 seconds, until Loader exits !

NO MANUAL COPY OF LICENSE & MODULES :
Loader will display message, and quit if Loader setup doesn't set the License & Modules used.
Loader setup detects Module version being copied, and sets Loader version. Restart setup to change.
Place Setup, License, and Modules in same Folder before starting Setup to install License & Modules.

Loader allows use of 2.2.8, 2.2.7, or 2.2.6 Export Modules in version 2.2.8
Loader changes the Buildbox version in memory to allow use of 2.2.7, or 2.2.6 Modules.
The version is still 2.2.8, but About Box shows 2.2.7, or 2.2.6, and update shows 2.2.8 as up to date.

DOWNLOAD:
http://download.buildbox.com/buildbox/2.0/Buildbox_2.2.8.exe
https://s3.amazonaws.com/download.buildbox.com/buildbox/2.0/win/Buildbox_2.2.8-1360_28fc378224c56cd8b5c55b8a59192195.exe

Crack is bad for your health ! Message
Didn't you know that Crack is bad for your health ?? Hands off, Leave that stuff alone !
Fix: Don't start Buildbox without the Loader. If you are downloading the Modules to share with a valid License then
use Block_or_UnBlock_Buildbox.exe Included to remove Buildbox.com from the Windows Host File.

LOADER SETUP INFORMATION:
Setup installs Activation Loader, License, Modules, and adds Internet License Verification Blocking to Windows Host file.
Computer should be Restarted for Host file changes to take effect before starting Buildbox.

HOW TO DOWNLOAD MODULES FOR SHARING:
To download modules with a valid Trial License for sharing.
Use Block-or-Unblock_Buildbox program by countryboy to change Host File Blocking for Module Downloading.
A Windows Registry key modulesdownloaded is also set to false to download modules.
Start Buildbox without using the Loader. See: Block-or-Unblock_Buildbox_ReadMe.txt for help !

INTERNET INFORMATION :
On Startup Buildbox attempts internet License Verification. Do not start Loader if Buildbox Website is unblocked.

INTERNET REQUIRED : Starting in ver 2.2.6
Bad news for Licensed users, as Buildbox won't work if no Net, Net problems, or Buildbox Website down as it has been recently.
When their Server is down you get : "Server not found error", click exit, on all versions of Buildbox,
because it's trying to show the pictures in the box with the twirling circle.

PROBLEMS:
HOW TO FIX EXPORT PROBLEM : Re-Start Loader Setup
ERROR : Export Problems, or MODULE DOWNLOAD ERRORS !
Caused by missing Modules, wrong Modules, or Modules don't match the License. Modules must be downloaded with License used.
Export problems : If Loader Setup doesn't Install the Modules and License, and they are Manually Copied then you may have an
Export problem, and also if you start Buildbox without any Modules in Folder the Registry key is set to false.

Activation will fail if Host File changes fail ! Use Block-or-Unblock_Buildbox program by countryboy, or
Manually add: If a File Permission problem, or a virus program is protecting Host File.

[ MANUAL INSTRUCTIONS ]
1. Use Windows Explorer, and go to Folder: C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc
2. Right Click, and Open [ Hosts ] File with Windows Notepad.
3. Copy - Paste, add lines listed below to end of the file, Save, and Restart Computer.

127.0.0.1 https://api.buildbox.com/app/v3/verify
127.0.0.1 https://api.buildbox.com/
127.0.0.1 api.buildbox.com

LOADER PROBLEMS:
Loader detects delay time by using Windows WaitForInputIdle Function to check if program is Loaded.
Setting of delay time should not be required unless Windows fails to report loading info.
Loader also works on Previous Versions. If you have a problem : see Problems_HELP.rar


Enjoy, and have a great day, countryboy